Announcement for haskell summer of code 2023 (#167)
haskell-org/summer-of-haskell: content/stipend.md

---
title: Stipend
---

# Stipend policy

The Summer of Haskell is independent from Google Summer of Code but our stipend

> policy will match theirs. The guidelines are available [here](https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/help/student-stipends#total_stipend_amount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policy matches theirs. The guidelines are available [here](https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/help/student-stipends#total_stipend_amount).
```
